README.md, before:

# Project3-Team2

Our Project has two separate Java Desktop Applications -
1. Professor Application creates a new json file to creating a quiz.
2. Student Application allows the student to select and re-attempt the quiz until he/she answers the quiz completely correct. 

## Team Members:
1. Aneesh Dalvi
2. Palak Chugh
3. Yuti Desai
4. Vaibhav Bhasin
5. Sakshi Chaudhary 
6. Meng-Ze Chen
7. Leher Bhatt
8. Subhradeep Biswas
9. Manikanta 
10. Surya

## How to run our Project?

### Points to Note :

### Professor Application
 
1. If you create an already existing quiz it will rewrite the contents of the file.
 
2. The Quiz files created are store in the home directory of your system. There will be one "quiz" folder created inside the homedirectory. All the Quiz files will be stored here. 

3. To execute the Java project preferably use command line.

### For Windows / Mac commands to run our applications

1. Go to application-jars folder and execute:
2. java -jar Student.jar
3. java -jar Professor.jar

Commit message:

README file updated with student application instructions

README.md, after:

# Project3-Team2

Our Project has two separate Java Desktop Applications -
1. Professor Application creates a new json file to creating a quiz.
2. Student Application allows the student to select and re-attempt the quiz until he/she answers the quiz completely correct. 

## Team Members:
1. Aneesh Dalvi
2. Palak Chugh
3. Yuti Desai
4. Vaibhav Bhasin
5. Sakshi Chaudhary 
6. Meng-Ze Chen
7. Leher Bhatt
8. Subhradeep Biswas
9. Manikanta 
10. Surya

## How to run our Project?

### Points to Note :

### Professor Application
 
1. If you create an already existing quiz it will rewrite the contents of the file.
 
2. The Quiz files created are store in the home directory of your system. There will be one "quiz" folder created inside the homedirectory. All the Quiz files will be stored here. 

3. To execute the Java project preferably use command line.

### Student Application
 
1. On the Home window, the student can select a quiz from the quiz name drop down. The "OK" button will take him/het to the next page where questions of the quiz will ge populated.
 
2. The student, then, can answer the questions one by one by selecting the correct answer option radio button. "Next" button will take the student to the next question. 

3. If the student wans to give up any time in the middle of a quiz, s/he should press the "Giveup" button that will close the question window.


### For Windows / Mac commands to run our applications

1. Go to application-jars folder and execute:
2. java -jar Student.jar
3. java -jar Professor.jar
